Director Eun of the ANSP, right?
-I'll tell her.
-Yes, doctor.
Doctor.
How is the director doing?
He'll wake up soon, right?
Of course. Don't worry too much.
Oh, right. Could you give this
to his wife for me?
She asked for it.
Sure.
She said I did?
Yes.
I have something to tell you
about how Mr. Eun was shot.
I'll be waiting
in the ladies' room downstairs.
HANKUK CENTRAL MEDICAL CENTER
-Let's go to the camp.
-Yes, ma'am.
My emergency frequency is 3-8.
Let me know as soon as you get the money.
I'll distract them
to help you come back in safely.
Didn't you tell me
to leave for another country?
And now you're making sure I come back?
To be honest,
I still hope
you'll stop being used like me…
and leave for another country
to live a happy life.
But you need to come back
for the hostages,
my comrades,
and my sister Su-hui to live.
Are you
scared that I might…
not come back?
Then give me…
a reason I must
come back.
For instance,
"If you come back with the money,
I will leave with you to another country."
Of course,
I'll be betraying my country then.
But if I can leave with you…
Eun's wife is already moving.
You should get ready.
Think carefully.
This is
the only way you'll live.
Dr. Kang first!
We must save Dr. Kang first, okay?
-Salute!
Understand, you bastard?
-Ma'am!
-What?
What are you doing here?
Are you insane?
Why'd you come here at this hour?
Ms. Hong told me to come here
without telling me why.
She practically threatened me
saying she'd run over
to the First Lady if I didn't.
What? Eun's wife really did that?
-Salute!
Mr. Nam.